Bugfix/176 redmine v5 remove temp admin replace with perm config admin (#177)
cloudogu/redmine: docs/gui/release_notes_en.md

Technical details on a release can be found in the corresponding [Changelog](https://docs.cloudogu.com/en/docs/dogus/redmine/CHANGELOG/).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed
* Sometimes emails were sent when temporary administrator account were created. This confused 
  the administrators, as they couldn't tell if it was a security issue. We now use

>   one administrator account that is created only ones, instead of creating and deleting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  one internal administrator account that is created only once, instead of creating and deleting
```
There are still more "normal" admin accounts possible
